doc: add note about unsupported grafana alerting ui (#1649)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/README.md

This allows accessing [vmalert web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/#web) via VictoriaLogs
at the `/select/vmalert/*` paths.

> > Currently, the Grafana Alerting UI cannot work with the VictoriaLogs datasource, since it does not proxy requests to the configured `-vmalert.proxyURL` due to a hard limitation on Grafana side, see [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/issues/59#issuecomment-2694191642) for details.

Reviewer: I think this is a little bit broader since VictoriaLogs datasource does proxy but Grafana cannot display datasource-managed vmalert rules through the VictoriaLogs datasource plugin.

```suggestion
> Currently, Grafana cannot display datasource-managed `vmalert` rules through the VictoriaLogs datasource plugin, even when `-vmalert.proxyURL` is configured. Grafana currently supports datasource-managed rules only for datasource plugins with the `prometheus` or `loki` ID. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/issues/59#issuecomment-2694191642) for details.
```
